Remove Legacy classes and move input functionality (#856)
LLNL/serac: src/drivers/CMakeLists.txt

blt_add_executable( NAME        serac_driver
                    SOURCES     serac.cpp
                    DEPENDS_ON  serac_physics serac_mesh
                    OUTPUT_NAME serac
                    )

if (ENABLE_TESTS)
    set(input_files_dir ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../../data/input_files)

    # Make sure running serac driver doesn't completely fail

> #TODO: Turn these back on when input files work again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#TODO: Turn these back on when input files work with the new physics modules
```
